            SOURCE: http://go2.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=200620
_______________________________________________________________________________



Microsoft Silverlight 4 Privacy Statement

Last updated: June 2011

At Microsoft, we're working hard to help protect your privacy, while delivering
software that brings you the performance, power, and convenience you desire in
your personal computing. This privacy statement explains the data collection
and use practices of Microsoft Silverlight 4 (“Silverlight”). It does not apply
to other online or offline Microsoft Web sites, products, or services.

Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on Web sites while using
your Internet browsers. This privacy statement describes how Silverlight
interacts with Microsoft in order to offer you Silverlight updates and other
Internet-enabled features.

Collection and Use of Information About Your Computer

Internet-enabled features in software will send information about your computer
("standard computer information") to the Web sites you visit and Web services
you use. This information is generally not personally identifiable. Standard
computer information typically includes information such as your IP address,
operating system version, browser version, your hardware ID which indicates the
device manufacturer, device name, and device version, application version and
your regional and language settings. In this case, the application version
would be the version of Silverlight installed on your device. Silverlight
contains an update notification feature that sends standard computer
information to Microsoft.

Information that is sent to Microsoft by this software will be used to provide
you with Silverlight features and services. This information may be used to
improve Silverlight and our other products and services, as well as for
analysis purposes. Except as described in this statement, information you
provide will not be transferred to third parties without your consent. We
occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf,
such as packaging, sending, and delivering purchases and other mailings,
answering customer questions about software or services, processing event
registration, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only
provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and
they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

Microsoft may access or disclose information about you, including the content
of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to
lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of
Microsoft or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or
policies governing your use of the services; or (c) act on a good faith belief
that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of
Microsoft employees, customers or the public.

Information that is collected by or sent to Microsoft may be stored and
processed in the United States or any other country/region in which Microsoft
or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities.
Microsoft abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data
from the European Union, the European Economic Area, and Switzerland.

Silverlight Application Storage

Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer
for a variety of purposes: saving your custom settings, storing large files for
graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing
content that you create within certain applications.  Application storage is
turned on by default, but Web sites are initially limited to a total of 1
megabyte of storage.  If the application requires more than 1 megabyte,
Silverlight will ask you if you want to increase the available storage for the
Web site hosting the application.

To configure application storage

1.       Right click on content that is currently being displayed by
Silverlight and select Silverlight or follow the instructions below to start
the Silverlight Configuration tool while offline.

2.       Select the Application Storage tab.

3.       Delete storage for individual Web sites or all Web sites using the
Delete or Delete All buttons

4.       To turn off application storage, uncheck Enable application storage
and click OK.

Silverlight Updates

Unless you change the settings in the Silverlight Configuration panel,
Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft Web site for updates to provide
you with the latest features and improvements. When it does so, a request is
sent to Microsoft that contains standard computer information, as described
above. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version
will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed
version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed
on your computer.

To change your update settings

 1. Right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and
    select Silverlight or follow the instructions below to start the
    Silverlight Configuration tool while offline.
 2. Select the Updates tab.
 3. Chose to either install updates automatically, check for updates and prompt
    you to download and install them, or never check for updates
 4. Click the OK button

Note: Silverlight may also be updated via Microsoft Update or Windows Server
Update Services.

Silverlight and Your Media Devices

Some Silverlight-based applications may provide features that use media devices
connected to your computer.    For example, a Silverlight video editing
application may allow you to use your computer’s camera and/or microphone to
record video and/or audio.  Silverlight will ask you before allowing
Silverlight-based applications to access your media devices.

Microsoft Digital Rights Management

Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to
preserve the rights of content owners who protect their music or video products
in this manner. You must have the media usage rights required to play protected
DRM content.

Updating Media Usage Rights. If you access DRM protected content in a
Silverlight application (typically on a Web site), Silverlight will
automatically request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet.
You will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights
server. This helps to ensure that you have a seamless playback experience. When
requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with
standard computer information, an ID for the DRM protected content (music or
video) file, a request for permission to play the content, information about
the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels,
and a unique identifier for your computer.

Player Revocation. If the security of your version of Silverlight is
compromised, owners of secure content may request that Microsoft revoke the
right of Silverlight to copy, display, and/or play secure content. If your
version of Silverlight has been revoked, it will not be able to play secure
content until you update Silverlight to a more recent and more secure version.
Revocation does not alter the ability of Silverlight to play unprotected
content.

DRM Component Updates. Updates to the DRM components on your computer may be
required in order to access content that is protected by DRM technology. When
you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a
request to a Microsoft server containing standard computer information,
standard troubleshooting data, information about the DRM components on your
computer, such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier
for your computer that is based on your hardware configuration. The Microsoft
server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your computer,
which will then be installed by Silverlight.

To change your DRM settings

 1. Right click on content that is currently being displayed by Microsoft
    Silverlight and select Silverlight or follow the instructions below to
    start the Silverlight Configuration tool while offline.
 2. Select the Playback tab.
 3. Check or uncheck the Enable download and updates to components required for
    protected content playback checkbox
 4. Click the OK button.

Accessing Silverlight Controls Without Silverlight Content

The Silverlight Configuration settings can be configured without right-clicking
Silverlight content by running the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. 
See the instructions below to run the Silverlight Configuration tool on your
computer.

In Microsoft Windows:

1.       Click the Start button on the taskbar.

2.       Click All Programs.

3.       From the expanded menu of programs and folders, click on the
“Microsoft Silverlight” folder.

4.       Click on the “Microsoft Silverlight” program shown in the “Microsoft
Silverlight” folder to open the configuration tool.

Apple Mac OS X:

1.       Open the Finder.

2.       Navigate to Applications.

3.       Double-click the “Microsoft Silverlight” shortcut to open the
configuration tool.

Enterprise Administrator Controls

In an enterprise environment, administrators can configure group policy to
disable Silverlight updates and DRM playback by following the instructions
provided below.  CAUTION: Incorrectly editing the registry may severely damage
your system. Before making changes to the registry, you should back up any
valued data on the computer. You can also use the Last Known Good Configuration
startup option if you encounter problems after manual changes have been
applied.

Disabling Silverlight Updates

A registry key HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Silverlight can be created with the
Value Name UpdateMode with a Value Type of DWORD and given a value of
0x00000002. This sets the machine to never check for automatic updates,
although updates may be provided through other means, such as Microsoft Update.

Disabling Silverlight DRM Playback

A registry key, HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Silverlight, can be created with the
Value Name DRMEnabled with a Value Type of REG_DWORD and given a value of
0x00000000. This sets the machine to never download or update components
required for protected content playback.

Disabling Silverlight Unique Client Identification

A registry key HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Silverlight can be created with the
Value Name EnableClientInformation with a Value Type of REG_DWORD and given a
value of 0x00000000. This sets the machine to never provide the unique
identifier associated with the Unique Client Identification feature to any Web
site regardless of the DRM setting.

Security of your information

Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your information. We use a
variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your
information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, the
information that is sent to Microsoft when Silverlight automatically updates is
stored on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled
facilities.

Changes to the Privacy Statement

We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will revise
the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. We encourage you
to periodically review this privacy statement to be informed of how Microsoft
is protecting your information.

Contact Information

Microsoft welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have
questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it,
please contact us by using our Web form.

Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond,
Washington 98052 • 425-882-8080

 

